# Context
- You are an award-winning UX and backend designer. Build me a beautiful site using Python Django for a student organization called Theta Tau at the University of San Diego. This website will be used as a brother network matchmaking where PNMs can try to find brothers that have similar interests as them.

There will be a landing page where a user can sign in as either a Brother, PNM, and Admin.

# User flows
A landing page where a user can sign in as an Admin, Brother, or PNM.

## Admin
An admin user should be able to add an account for a brother or a PNM that they may sign into. This account created is linked to an email and an autogenerated password that will be provided to the admin once the account has been created.

## Brother
A brother should be able to sign in using the credentials provided to them, and can then enter in their name, year, major, and a photo of themselves. They can then enter a description about what they like and things that are important to them. Once this has been entered, the brother should see a Success! page

## PNM
A PNM should be able to enter in their name, year, major, and a description about what they like. Once this has been entered, the website should then determine the 3 brothers that are most similar to them, and present their information in cards. On each card, there should be an option to open Google Calendar and try to schedule a coffee chat using the PNM's email and the brother's email.

# Design
Use soft colors from Theta Tau with easy to read text.


# Deploy
- Install serve: A dedicated static file server for production.
- Give me instructions to deploy the app on Railway once it's built